Oh, there you are!
What?
Jogo!
Seems like your body
is almost completely restored.
Yes, it's comfortable to live here.
No humans can come close.
I guess it's really inconvenient
when you don't have a body.
Self-regeneration
is really inefficient, too.
Mahito.
Seems like you used up
a lot of cursed energy as well.
Oh, you can tell?
Ryomen Sukuna and his vessel
are my nemesis.
This game started when I met my new toy,
but it didn't go well.
It wasn't bad at first, though.
I should have taken the toy hostage,
and forced Itadori to make a Binding Vow.
If you don't want him to die,
hand over your body to Sukuna.
No, a Binding Vow
can only be done by himself.
It's not that simple to initiate
a Binding Vow through intervention.
Maybe it would have been better
if I just gave him a fatal blow
instead of transfiguring him.
Maybe Sukuna could have treated him
with his Reverse Cursed Technique.
Know your place, you fool.
No, that's how he is.
He'll refuse no matter what.
Jogo.
After coming in contact with Sukuna,
I think it's better
to follow Geto's plan first.
Sukuna is worth the effort.
Collect all fingers
and offer it to Sukuna?
It doesn't matter
if we all die in the process.
Right?
Very well.
It doesn't have to be me smiling
in the wilderness 100 years later.
I'm fine with it,
as long as curses live as humans.
Oh, you get it.
So let's collect all six fingers
kept by Jujutsu High School.
Is that necessary?
Jujutsu Sorcerers keep Yuji Itadori
because they want him
to swallow Sukuna's fingers, right?
Even if we ignore him,
he'll eat it by himself.
The higher-ups of Jujutsu High
still can't judge
Yuji Itadori's strength as a vessel.
They don't know how many fingers it takes
for him to lose control.
They will probably gather all the fingers
before making him swallow all at once.
Although there's one exception.
I want him to eat it quickly!
We can't wait that long, right?
In a worst-case scenario,
the higher-ups might kill Yuji Itadori.
Nothing ventured, nothing gained.
What should we do?
I've made the arrangements.
That's why I let Jujutsu High School
gather the fingers I collected.
Nanami, tell me something interesting.
All right, I got it!
Let's play catch with scrap rice balls
and discuss secularism!
Then I'll upload a video on it.
It will be so popular!
Go and have fun on your own.
What kind of idea is that?
Let's play Yamanote Line game
at Satoru Gojo's favorite location!
All
Please keep it up.
Itadori needs your stupidity now.
I'll let you complete a few big missions.
That wasn't what I meant
when I said "big."
Nanami.
Did you tell Yuji about
the finger in Yoshino's house--
I didn't tell him.
He will probably
blame himself unnecessarily.
I'm glad I left this up to you.
So where's the finger?
I've handed it over to the superiors.
If I give it to you,
you'll let Itadori eat it, right?
But are you really letting him
return to the team?
If you announce it at the Goodwill Event,
he'll be targeted by the higher-ups again.
Even so, I believe Yuji will be fine.
You should know it well.
What?
Mr. Gojo!
Nanami is here too.
Hey!
Let's go meet them now.
I'm excited!
Yuji.
Don't tell me that
you've been hiding for so long,
and now you want to appear normally?
Can't I?
For a dead friend
to reappear after two months
saying they were alive…
Even Jujutsu Sorcerers
don't get that often.
You should give them a surprise.
In short, just leave it to me.
What?
The first-year students will be
shocked, happy, crying, and laughing.
The second-year
and Kyoto's students will cry as well.
Some will cry until they vomit!
They will cry so much that
even global warming will be resolved!
Nice!
What should I do?
Mr. Gojo, what should I do?
You don't have to do anything.
Just do as I say.
Just go along with my plan.
So what should I do to follow your plan?
-You being alive is already a surprise.
-Just flow along with me.
Why…
Why is everyone all empty-handed?
-What?
That's our question.
What's with all the luggage?
I mean we're going to Kyoto, right?
The Sister-School Goodwill Event in Kyoto.
It's a Sister-School Goodwill Event
with the Kyoto School…
held in Tokyo.
FAMOUS IN UENO
PANDA
No way!
-No wonder I've always felt weird.
-What am I preparing for?
-Yes.
-Salmon.
-It's held by last year's winner.
-This is too much! It's a fraud!
Don't go winning, idiot!
We didn't compete last year!
Yuta was the only one who joined
last year to make up for the numbers.
That was before Rika was freed.
I heard that he dominated the competition.
But it was held in Kyoto,
so we didn't see it.
I won't forgive you, Yuta Okkotsu!
Although I've never met you before!
That's unjustified resentment.
-Salmon.
-What?
Hey. They are here.
Oh, my.
Everyone from the Tokyo school is here.
Are you here to greet us?
It's really disgusting.
MAI ZENIN
SECOND-YEAR STUDENT
Okkotsu is not here.
AOI TODO
THIRD-YEAR STUDENT
Shut up and give me those boxes of cakes.
Yatsuhashi, kuzukiri,
and buckwheat biscuits, too!
Salmon.
Are you guys hungry?
What's wrong with that first-year student?
It's terrifying.
MOMO NISHIMIYA
THIRD-YEAR STUDENT
It's good that Okkotsu is not here,
but two first-years
is too much of a handicap.
It's a robot!
ULTIMATE MECHAMARU
SECOND-YEAR STUDENT
A Jujutsu Sorcerer's strength
has nothing to do with age.
NORITOSHI KAMO
THIRD-YEAR STUDENT
Especially Fushiguro.
He's from the bloodline
of the Zenin Family.
He's much better
than the main family bloodline.
Damn it.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
Hey there, you guys.
You two should calm down.
KASUMI MIWA
SECOND-YEAR STUDENT
Come on. Don't quarrel among ourselves.
You kids…
UTAHIME IORI
SEMI-GRADE 1 JUJUTSU SORCERER
So where's that fool?
Satoru is late.
There's no way a fool
is going to be on time.
Nobody said that fool is Mr. Gojo.
-What?
Sorry to keep you waiting!
Damn it.
-Satoru Gojo.
-Satoru Gojo!
Hey, everyone's here!
I went on a business trip abroad.
So I brought some souvenirs for everyone.
That's sudden.
Isn't it because of his jet lag?
-Here's for everyone from Kyoto.
-What?
An amulet of a certain tribe.
None for Utahime.
I don't want it!
And this is a local product
for everyone from Tokyo!
Overly-excited adults are creepy.
Yes! OPP!
This is Yuji Itadori,
who was presumed dead!
What?
They don't look happy at all!
No way…
Hello, everyone from Kyoto.
This is Ryomen Sukuna's vessel,
Yuji Itadori.
The Kyoto students…
They are only interested in the dolls!
Sukuna's vessel?
What's going on?
YOSHINOBU GAKUGANJI
PRINCIPAL
What?
Principal Gakuganji!
My, I'm so glad!
I was worried that
you were going to die from shock.
Curse you, brat!
Hey.
Yes?
There's something you should say, right?
What?
I'm sorry for not telling you
that I'm still alive.
ITADORI JOINS THE FRAY
TOKYO-KYOTO
SISTER-SCHOOL GOODWILL EVENT
The Tokyo-Kyoto
Sister-School Goodwill Event
will be held across two days.
First day, we'll have a team battle.
WACKY SPIRIT BASH RACE
It's the Wacky Spirit Bash Race!
The rules are simple.
The team who eliminates
the Grade 2 Cursed Spirit
released within the school grounds wins!
Grade 3 and below Cursed Spirits
have been released, too.
If there's no winner before sunset,
the winner is decided
by the number of eliminations.
There are no other rules.
You may hinder your opponents in the race,
but don't forget that you are comrades
in the fight against the curses.
The Goodwill Event
is for you to understand
your comrades and yourself
in the competition.
Please don't kill each other.
Don't cause irreparable damage
to your opponent.
All right, you are all dismissed.
The race will begin at noon!
TOKYO SCHOOL TEAM MEETING
Excuse me.
We're comrades.
This kind of bullying
seems a bit excessive.
Shut up.
Keep it like that for the time being.
Come on, now.
He has explained the reason.
Just forgive him.
The panda spoke!
Salmon.
What?
Inumaki is
a Cursed Speech Jujutsu Sorcerer.
His cursed technique enhances and
forcefully activates the effects of words.
He limits his vocabulary
for safety purposes.
If you tell someone to die,
will that person really die?
Impressive.
It's not as convenient as you think.
It depends on
the strength of the sorcerer.
Using strong vocabulary
will get a strong rebound,
and it rebounds to himself at worst.
So the vocabulary restriction
is also to protect himself.
I see.
So why can you talk?
Are you a new breed of panda?
How could he reveal
someone else's cursed technique?
It's okay.
It won't matter
if Toge's technique is revealed.
-Anyway, Yuji…
-What?
Give me back the Slaughter Demon.
Satoru lent it to you, right?
Well…
Lend me.
Here you go.
I broke it.
Give it back.
It's with Mr. Gojo.
That stupid blindfolded man!
Really?
That's disgusting.
So what's the plan?
We expected a team battle,
but our members have increased.
Changing our battle strategy?
There's no time.
Bonito flakes.
That depends on Yuji. What can you do?
I can punch and kick.
-There are enough people who can do that.
-What?
I don't know what this guy
did while he was dead,
but if Tokyo and Kyoto School students
fight without cursed energy…
Itadori will win.
Wow.
Megumi has fought Aoi before,
so he's credible.
Interesting.
KYOTO SCHOOL TEAM MEETING
Sukuna's vessel…
Kill Yuji Itadori.
That is not a human.
You can do whatever.
I'll treat it as an accident.
No need to worry or hesitate.
How unpleasant.
Regardless of whether
we can kill him or not,
he's here because he can't die, right?
I heard that he committed suicide.
What do you need to pay attention to
when killing a Jujutsu Sorcerer?
Kamo.
Yes.
To prevent Jujutsu Sorcerers
from becoming curses after death,
we kill them with cursed energy.
That's right.
There will be no problem
if you kill him with cursed energy.
Now Yuji Itadori
has control over the body.
As long as Sukuna doesn't appear,
he's just a normal first-year student.
It's easy to kill--
Lame. Do as you like.
Todo, come back.
The principal is not finished yet.
Takada will make a guest appearance
on the 11:00 a.m. walking show.
Do I need to explain further?
Just record the show. Come back.
I want to watch both the premiere
and the recording!
Are you looking down on me?
That's not the point.
Listen carefully.
You too, old man!
I've long been disappointed
in everyone's poor taste in women.
Just use whatever strategy you want.
However, try giving me another order…
I'll kill you.
What should we do?
It seems that he's not going to
participate in our battle strategy.
The principal is gone too.
To be honest,
I don't want to be killed by him.
It should be okay.
That guy's going to fight
the Tokyo guys either way.
Since he wants to go rampant,
we just need to focus on the game.
But we have to kill Yuji Itadori.
Are we really killing him?
I don't think he's going to kill him.
Although it looks like he might.
Then we have to keep an eye on Todo,
and deal a fatal blow to Yuji Itadori.
I don't want to do it.
Since we have to deal
with Cursed Spirits too,
I think two on one is just right.
No.
Among the Jujutsu Sorcerers
of Jujutsu High School,
the appearance of a half-baked person
like Yuji Itadori is extremely serious.
Regardless of the Goodwill Event,
I can't turn a blind eye
as a member of Kamo Family.
Everyone from Kyoto School
will attack Yuji Itadori.
Wait a minute.
What if Itadori and Inumaki are together?
It's too risky for us
since his Cursed Speech
can take us all out at once.
At worst, we might get wiped out.
She's right.
No, it's not that scary
since we know his technique.
I'll take care of Maki.
Give me that brown-haired
first-year student too.
Listen to what you say.
You're acting like Todo.
So what do you want to talk about?
What? Why are you angry?
I'm not angry.
That's right. I didn't do anything.
Someone in Jujutsu High School…
is colluding with
Cursed Users or Cursed Spirits.
Impossible!
I can understand Cursed Users,
but Cursed Spirits?
Recently, Cursed Spirits
of that level keep emerging.
They not only understand words,
but can even act in a group.
That person may think
they are just colluding with Cursed Users.
So I want you to help me
investigate the Kyoto campus.
What if I'm the mole?
That's impossible.
You're weak, and you don't have the guts--
You're terrifying.
-No man likes a fierce woman!
-I'm your senior!
Itadori.
What?
Are you okay?
Yes.
Seems like I've got a big role,
but there'll always be a way.
I'm not talking about that.
Something happened, right?
Nothing happened.
Something did happen.
But I'm really fine.
In fact, I don't want to lose
because of that.
Good.
I kind of don't want to lose, either.
What do you mean "kind of"?
You were knocked out before.
It will be a complete victory!
Let's beat them up!
For Maki's sake, too!
Don't say that.
Spicy cod roe!
Yes, for the sake of Maki!
I said, stop it!
Well then…
To victory!
Why are you taking charge?
What?
Juju Stroll!
SUSHI EISHU
All right!
Today, we're here at Sushi Eishu.
Why don't you try acting like her?
I would, but you would scold me!
Welcome.
What do you like, Takada?
I like blood clams.
It's a perfect match
with room temperature sake!
How old are you again?
What did you say?
How many years
have you been in this business?
I started when I was 20 years old.
Let me count.
Did you start the business 300 years ago?
Are you drunk?
Thank you for waiting.
Here's your blood clam sushi.
It's delicious!
Can I have yours?
Of course not.
-I'm sorry.
-What are you thinking?
-It looks really delicious.
-It's not bad.
-As expected of Takada.
-This is fun!
Mr. Gojo, do you know what OPP means?
What? It has a meaning?
-It stands for "Ocean Pacific Peace."
-Are you serious?